Susie during my years ago to a mental
hospital because he's a threat to
everyone else he's a threat to people
like her he's a French of other people
and then freely she dies I was a freak
show and she goes around for example she
she and her I got her their asses sued
and lost because he slapped on new
people a time I mean d I mean it just
awful there died resembles a freak show
and those freaking Deacon to go around
back here the cult or also ma I should
go out after himself to all this crazy
out stuff he promotes a scam she and her
followers on the loser 25 her he's 3,000
calories it's just like roses he doesn't
have our QR known no cure they're just a
fraud tired of them have too big a
community this is what i hate about the
vegan community or the vegan community
come community because if i can call us
followers whoo go whoo go take phone
make excuses well this is why will
delete take vegan seriously it can't
grow more do even more biggest merciless
those horrible people on YouTube who are
who makes leakers shows I mean doing
they set up being gay epic toys and he
goes around threatening people and they
delete the comments and then we're being
in the forms where so it brings of the
Dead game we understand diet they delete
them think they delete the flat hi AK
during runner then threaten full circle
vegan vegan mojo that you turn take down
her videos about them delete your
channel right after bloglines threaten
to see / really allegedly you bullies
really hard yeah I'm vegan gains go rob
bully people online there's a difference
between tough love and we fix epic
bullying and there's a fine line between
that and you're crossing a fine line how
was that compassionate Oh is what
they're doing some cash policy no no I
be construed dessert live I was saying I
was saying a baby like beating geez was
a stomach baby to his effing blood toe
how is that how is that compassionate
how it was for the vegan message well
first of all this is it the strain of
easing message each other other vegan
showers overnight full circle vegan
vegan mojo mojo just because you're
doing for cars doesn't be threading
harassing people and slammed and all
this crowd spreading rumors bullying
them is yes and smearing them doesn't
mean that those tactics okay if you do
an eager to attack someone this dish and
he's doing some rich jo cobb or some
government issues a jerk I like poor let
go bomber Jack's present jo cobb's like
blood
and vegan gains is like a practically
Emory it he made and he just prize a
misogynist I thought his mushrooms would
have cured him of his elfin hatred but
the mushrooms did you crap on him
because he's still a loser oh yeah that
joke up how semi is a friend go he
should go big himself to all the people
who tank for him they're like a bigger
cover another tanky he should ask
himself how's the vegan community this
is what i hate about the vegan community
for a vegan community
No